README.md, before:

# BonTalk Doc

## Features

- A sip.js-based plugin
- Developers can adjust the style and theme of BonTalk
- BonTalk can be used as a phone call
- BonTalk can be installed anywhere on your web platform

## Installation

### Package manager

use npm:

```jsx
$ npm install BonTalk
```

### CDN

```jsx

```

## Usage

Register the extension and ready to call…

```jsx
import BonTalk from "BonTalk"

// create an usable sip phone instance
const bonTalk = new BonTalk({
  buttonElementId: "bon-sip-button",
  wsServer: "wss://bon.example.org:7443/ws",
  domains: ["bon.example.org", "bon.example2.org"],
  username: "3003",
  password: "123456789",
  displayName: "3003 John",
})

bonTalk.init()
```

Unregister and destroy the instance…

```jsx
bonTalk.destroy()
```

### Arguments

| Argument        | Data Type | Description                                                                |
| --------------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| buttonElementId | string    | a toggle id for opening or closing the BonTalk panel                       |
| wsServer        | string    | an usable web socket server address                                        |
| domains         | string[ ] | place multiple PBX domains or IPs to prevent any PBX from working properly |
| username        | string    | authorization username of the extension                                    |
| password        | string    | authorization password of the extension                                    |
| displayName     | string    | display name of the extension                                              |

## Instance Methods

| Method         | Description                                                                                        |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .init()        | render the panel and auto-register the agent’s extension, should only call once on every instance. |
| .destroy()     | destroy the panel. should call before destroy the element.                                         |
| .togglePanel() | open or close the panel.                                                                           |

Commit message:

feat: remove the buttonElementId and for user to attach toggle on their own

README.md, after:

# BonTalk Doc

## Features

- A sip.js-based plugin
- Developers can adjust the style and theme of BonTalk
- BonTalk can be used as a phone call
- BonTalk can be installed anywhere on your web platform

## Installation

### Package manager

use npm:

```jsx
$ npm install BonTalk
```

### CDN

```jsx

```

## Usage

Register the extension and ready to call…

```jsx
import BonTalk from "BonTalk"

// create an usable sip phone instance
const bonTalk = new BonTalk({
  wsServer: "wss://bon.example.org:7443/ws",
  domains: ["bon.example.org", "bon.example2.org"],
  username: "3003",
  password: "123456789",
  displayName: "3003 John",
})

bonTalk.init()

// attach a event to a button
document.getElementById("toggleButton").addEventListener("click", () => {
  bonTalk.togglePanel()
})
```

Unregister and destroy the instance…

```jsx
bonTalk.destroy()
// and remove the dom node...
```

### Arguments

| Argument    | Data Type | Description                                                                |
| ----------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| wsServer    | string    | an usable web socket server address                                        |
| domains     | string[ ] | place multiple PBX domains or IPs to prevent any PBX from working properly |
| username    | string    | authorization username of the extension                                    |
| password    | string    | authorization password of the extension                                    |
| displayName | string    | display name of the extension                                              |

## Instance Methods

| Method         | Description                                                                                        |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .init()        | render the panel and auto-register the agent’s extension, should only call once on every instance. |
| .destroy()     | destroy the panel. should call before destroy the element.                                         |
| .togglePanel() | open or close the panel.                                                                           |
